In this lesson, you've worked on monitoring your systems
and learning about the AWS tools and features for doing so.
You practiced using CloudWatch metrics to find and view AWS metrics.
Then we looked at the next step to monitoring, alerting.
We created an alert and examined the options that CloudWatch
alarms gives us for bringing attention to problems.
Once our systems reach out and ask for help via our alerting,
we need to take action.
We've looked at the steps involved in diagnosing problems,
how to consider these from the beginning of system design,
and how to bring systems back online.
Finally, we discussed automating the recovery of
our systems and the benefits and considerations in doing so.